Refactor getting started guide to use the sample spring-petclinic (#1085)
redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: docs/userguide/modules/getting-started/partials/petclinic-db.adoc

image:{quickstart-db}-spring-boot.png[]

> 

Author: thx

> In this part of the getting started guide we will perform the following steps:

Author: thx

> . xref:#create-a-postgresql-database-service[Create {quickstart-db-showname} service].

Author: thx

> . xref:#deploy-the-appication[Deploy the Spring PetClinic application].

Author: thx

. xref:#connect-the-application-to-the-database[Connect the application to the database service using {servicebinding-title}].

> [#create-a-postgresql-database-service]

Author: thx

include::partial$deploy-db-{quickstart-db}.adoc[]

Now, after the database is configured for the application, you can deploy the application and connect it to the database service.

[#deploy-the-application]
include::partial$deploy-application.adoc[]

In the following section, we will see how you can use {servicebinding-title} to easily
connect the application to the database service.

[#connect-the-application-to-the-database]
include::partial$connect-petclinic-db.adoc[]

== Conclusion

> In this sample, we set up {quickstart-db-showname} in the form of a plain `Deployment` resource
> and connected it to an application using the {servicebinding-title} to collect
> the connection metadata and expose them to the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we set up {quickstart-db-showname} in the form of a plain `Deployment` resource and connected it to an application using the {servicebinding-title} to collect the binding data and expose them to the application.
```

Author: thx

image:{quickstart-db}-spring-boot.png[]

In this configuration, we leverage the {servicebinding-title} to collect the binding data from the PostgreSQL database and to project them into the Spring PetClinic application.

include::partial$scenario-diagram-description-{quickstart-db}.adoc[]

This scenario involves the following procedures:

. xref:#creating-a-postgresql-database-service[Creating {quickstart-db-showname} service].
. xref:#deploying-the-application[Deploying the Spring PetClinic application].
. xref:#connecting-the-application-to-the-database[Connecting the application to the database service using {servicebinding-title}].

[#creating-a-postgresql-database-service]
include::partial$creating-db-{quickstart-db}.adoc[]

Now, after the database is configured for the application, you can deploy the application and connect it to the database service.

[#deploying-the-application]
include::partial$deploying-application.adoc[]

You can now use the {servicebinding-title} to connect the application to the database service.

[#connecting-the-application-to-the-database]
include::partial$connecting-petclinic-db.adoc[]

== Conclusion

> In this scenario, we set up {quickstart-db-showname} in the form of a plain `Deployment` resource

Author: No, that is a mistake, it should be:
```
In this scenario, we set up {quickstart-db-showname} and connected it 
to Spring PetClinic application using the {servicebinding-title} to collect the binding data and expose them to the application.
```
Thanks

> and connected it to Spring PetClinic application using the {servicebinding-title} to collect the binding data and expose them to the application.

Author: thx
